## Question 6
From Question 03, what issues you might obtain during the development of the program? What
issues do you think will happen if some of the actions, e.g., waking up the ATC, checking the traffic
pattern, entering the traffic pattern, diverging to another airport, etc., take time to finish? And what
will be a potential solution for the issues?

In question 3, there a two main complications that can be faced during the development of the program. The first is the risk of a race condition where the ATC will fall out of pace with the requests of the aircraft thus leading to a situation where an aircraft makes a request, but the ATC is busy so it enters the queue. However, while the aircraft is entering the queue, the ATC finishes and checks the queue seeing no one there and going to sleep. Another complication may form if two aircrafts attempt to enter the queue with only one more spot available. This will lead to only the first aircraft to enter the queue to be able to enter. This can become way more complex if multiple ATCs are introduced to the control tower.

There are a several possible solutions which all involve use of a mutex ensuring that only one aircraft may change state at once. This mutex can then be passed around by the ATC when checking the queue and released when they begin speaking with a pilot. An aircraft must acquire it before entering the queue or landing and release it once they have entered, landed, or diverted to another airport. A solution such as this would solve the issues introduced above. Semaphores are also required to indicate the state of the system. Additionally, for this problem, a first in first out queue is useful to ensure no aircraft is waiting in the queue longer than others. Semaphores such as wait are also very useful to ensure threads actually wait for the ATC to become available.